# Image-Tagger
COMP30023 Computer Systems Project 1

- This repository contains source code for implementing a game server for image tagging
## Background
- Nowadays, search engines have been an essential part of our lives, e.g., Google and Bing, which have significantly improved our productiveness. There are various types of searching services, among which keyword search is the dominant one, namely searching by keywords. While keyword search works well for documents, pages and websites, it faces a big challenge when searching for images. This is because linking images with keywords is typically difficult for computers as it requires understanding on the semantic of images. For this purpose, tagging images with keywords is one of the most effective ways to help computers understand images’ semantic, and this is also the first step to help machines learn (by telling them which is correct and which is wrong). Unfortunately, tagging a large number of images is boring and requires a substantial amount of humanpower.
## The Rules of the Game. 
- The game consists of two players and one server, where each of the players can only communicate with the server (but the other player). At the beginning, when the two players log on to the server, the server sends both of them a same image. The game then starts; the players submit words or phrases to the server, one at a time, without being told what the other player has inputed. The goal for both the players is to enter a word or a phrase that has been submitted by the other as soon as possible. Obviously, in order to maximise the chance of getting a match, the two players would better to enter words that describe the image well, since it is the only information shared by both of the two. (The image is, therefore, tagged.) Once the goal is achieved, the game ends; the server sends a web page indicating that the game is completed and prompting the players to play again. If both the players agree to play again, the process repeats with a new image.
## Project Basic Functionalities. 
- In this project, you are asked to write a program to implement (by socket programming in C) the aforementioned game server supporting two players from two different browsers over HTTP. The program should allow users to configure both the server IP address and the port number. Specifically, you need to implement the following basic functionalities of the server, where the html source files of all the pages will be provided.
